feat[android]: Create simple UI test for android app (#2326)
keymanapp/keyman: android/history.md

  * Add update indicator icon to inform user about updates and install updates in keyman app (#2335)
* Changes:
  * Update target Android SDK version to 29 (#2279)

>   * Add linting to Debug builds and resolve lint errors (#2305

Reviewer: This line can be reverted

  * Fix memory issues during build process (#2361)

>   * First simple ui test for keyboard picker and keybaord info screen (#2326)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Add simple UI tests for keyboard picker and keyboard info screens (#2326)
```
